OK
Wait for me first.
What's the matter? There is a problem at home.
Your wife is so pretty
Li Shuyuan, you still have half an hour.
Your wife?
Unwilling to sign the divorce agreement
Pay if he doesn't want to sign
What's his account?
It's not that I don't want to sign
The one who doesn't want to pay 10 million is the bride price
Then don't you need him?
Ah, what else do you need me to do?
Miss Si took the liberty to ask you
Do you know what your husband does?
What does it matter to me what he does?
It seems that he really doesn't know Mei Ting's identity
After the two of them officially divorce
Tell him the truth
Ok sorry
I will notify your industry in a month.
We will break up as soon as the bright moon leaves
You can contact me then.